General improvements (#363)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/ota/aktualizr-lite.rst

``sudo aktualizr-lite update --update-name <build_number>``

.. note::

    If the new target sits in a different tag than the original one, make sure to switch to the <build_number> tag before performing this command.

> 

Reviewer: I think this section is confusing because it mix build number and target in a way that twist the thoughs

Maybe try something such as:
Note: This can only be performed when the targets are under the same tag (or are tagged the same). In case the update is tagged differently, it's required to switch from tags with this command <link to the section>

``sudo aktualizr-lite update --update-name <build_number>``

> If the new target sits in a different tag than the original one, make sure to switch to the <build_number> tag before performing this command, otherwise it won't be available for update.

Reviewer 2: Should this be a note?

> If the new target sits in a different tag than the original one, make sure to switch to the <build_number> tag before performing this command, otherwise it won't be available for update.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the new target sits in a different tag than the original one, make sure to switch to the <build_number> tag before performing this command, otherwise it will not be available for update.
```
Style: avoid use of contractions
